-How was the pacing of the capstone project? (i.e too slow, just right, too fast)
    -The pace was a bit fast since we had two people in our group, if we had about one more week then things could have gone more smoothly.
-To what extent did your plan change over the course of development? Knowing that you know now, what would you do differently if you were starting over?
    - Our plan definitely changed throughout the entire project. There were some key features surrounding the cart and orders that took way longer to implement then we had initially thought. If we could start over know what we know now we'd do a better job of mapping the relationships between the frontend and backend more explicitly. Having a vague relationship determined left too much room for interpretation which cost us valuable time. 
-How helpful were the labs and weekly assignments in preparing you to create a capstone project? Be specific, what topics do you still have questions about that may or may not have been covered?
    -The labs were right on for learning react as well as express. However, the lab towards the end of the assignment period were a bit rushed because we were already focusing on the capstone as well as finishing our final assignment. Topics like testing is something that we both want to go back and get a better grasp of. 
-When planning for the capstone project, which resources were the most helpful? (i.e mentors, instructors & TAs, ideation process, pod syncs, wireframes, sprint planning, bug bash, practice demo day, etc.)
    - Our mentors were incredibly insight on helping us learn how to plan to industry standard. They helped us determined key pain points throughout our project and how to adapt to any changes that came to our time lines. I wish there was more emphasis on sprint planning, perhaps a lab or two on how to effectively plan a sprint, throughout the program. It felt like we were learning how to plan on the fly and it made it difficult to properly gauge where our project was during certain sprints. 